This episode of Your Mom's house is brought to you by Saatva luxury mattress.
The only online mattress company that provides free delivery set up and mattress
removal.
Well,
go to your mom's house,
Christina.
We're
oh
Lord
dammit.
Thanks for the instrumental.
I got some exciting stuff coming up once you got road dates Galore.
I have a vive Galore.
We added a Sunday show and brass balls beach.
Uh,
that's August 26.
The uh,
the rest of the weekend is sold out Friday,
Saturday,
uh,
in your genes,
Oregon.
There's about a hundred tickets left at the second show.
Less than that for the second show in boys seed Idaho.
We added a second show in fall,
SACRAMENTO,
October six.
It's en fuego.
You didn't hit your tickets at first one.
You better get into this one.
Fresno,
Bakersfield and Fort Myers,
Florida or on sale.
Jack me off.
Phil is really the strong second show in Orlando is inflow as well.
Come Gusta Georgia.
I'm like,
guess what?
Montclair New Jersey,
the Welmont,
um,
November 15th is sold out.
November 15 years.
This place where Montclair,
New Jersey.
I never even heard of it.
I went there last tour,
it was fantastic.
That means that there might might be a show coming to,
to,
you know,
in addition to that.
So,
um,
and then Claire,
yeah,
maybe.
Maybe I'll add now and her Claire,
I don't know yet.
Uh,
and in Temecula,
which I know November 30th that come back,
he'll also
come macula.
Okay,
come [inaudible] it is,
yeah.
Now Jean
is this to,
where can our band,
oh my gosh.
Not for awhile,
but November 24th in San Diego.
I'm sorry man.
Diego had the house of Blues.
There's that show.
And then on the seventh of the House Jews,
it is the house of juice.
Thank you for correcting me.
Doing it at Temple Beth el Shalom Boudreau and then December 7th and fill her
up.
Delphia will be doing
one night and fill her up.
Adelphia December 7th and then December 8th Jew Dork titties.
The eight o'clock show is sold out at the Gramercy theater so bad at 10 30.
And those tickets are going quickly too.
There's a lot of mommies and judicial model fucker.
Yo.
Yeah,
there are a lot of Jews in Judah ORC titties.
There certainly are.
Where do you think has more Jews,
la or Jude or titties?
Titties does.
Yeah.
I mean it's in the name of the city.
Um,
they didn't name no ask.
It's definitely,
but we have show business and show business is predominantly Jewish.
Persian Jews,
Russian Jews,
rally.
All kinds.
Yeah.
No,
I wouldn't,
I wouldn't like to do some reason too.
As you're having a hard time come home.
Come here.
This is where you belong.
Anyways,
tickets at Christina p online.
Uh,
get your tickets please.
There you go.
Very much jeans.
I'm very excited.
God,
there's so much to talk about today.
It's very exciting.
This is our first day back.
First Day back.
A lot of those shows were prerecorded.
This,
this is exciting due to being a movie star.
We had to put off a recording.
This one and I'm putting this one out on our regular schedule.
It's movies are lifestyle.
I'll get into it a little bit.
Oh,
it did anything else happen in the break or just you did this movie?
Anything happened to me?
Maybe you're talking about this week,
why this week is delayed.
Oh,
right.
No,
but I mean since we last recorded,
did anything happened maybe that know that this was straight to offer.
I didn't have to audition or anything.
Right.
No,
I know,
but I'm saying since our last episode I was,
I looked at front are like you got your hair done on Monday.
Right.
And then something else may have changed in our world.
Send did makeup and you got your hair done.
Yeah,
and I got a different shirt on.
Yeah.
You're saying that the whether it got hotter and hotter,
air conditioning broken that we're going to get into all that during the show.
I said that.
Okay,
we'll get into it later.
Okay.
I'm just excited.
I'm sorry she is.
I'm excited to be back here with all the mommies.
Well gene,
it is time to go back to doing our favorite thing that we do and that is the
your mom's house palm cast.
Here it is.
It's been a minute.
We're back.
We're going to talk about your hair.
We're going to talk about my movie.
Are the only things that have happened in the last month that have affected our
lives.
I got a new shirt out.
There's all that to talk about.
You want a okay,
and that's it.
We're going to talk about it that that's all we got.
I got a new shirt too.
Okay,
well here we go.
Let's open our show.
Old School.
Here we go.
Okay.
I've bene hair.
I've been polite.
I've been kind of been honest and sincere.
I like to have some on my lips.
I would like
to do is your roadmap.
Can you would like to have some sex.
Randy,
don't bring anyone loving to this.
Well,
go to your mom's house.
It's funny.
I feel like a level of elation doing this again.
I know.
You know,
while it's really exciting,
especially because our lives have been so grown up in the last 10 days,
we just,
yeah,
you know what?
What should I let the cat out of the bag and was a big surprise?
What's the surprise?
Does anybody notice?
I'm a little smaller than the last time it was on the show.
Just a little.
I mean it's still a little poochy but,
but I farted,
I farted and I made a big shit.
I don't know.
Should Odo.
Boom.
We had a baby and a baby jeans.
Yeah.
And our lives had been a,
it's been 10 years.
What has been 10 days since I delivered little jeans.
Tiny jeans actually cause our first child is little jeans and the second child
is tiny jeans.
Hi,
how are you?
What's your name?
What's Your Pronoun?
You know,
I was very offended because at the hospital we had to fill out a lot of
paperwork.
I requested non gender specific paperwork.
Right.
Let's give it a hard time.
It was very upsetting.
But God,
razzle dazzle.
What's the name of our child?
Slur.
Rosler.
Okay.
Raz,
Aka a Raz.
Razzle dazzle is going to live life not knowing that pink is for girls and blue
is for boys and all that nonsense.
You know football only boys play football.
Bullshit.
Girls are really good football players too,
so,
oh yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
I think you told her son that the other day you're like,
this is a man's sport.
Football.
You're already telling him.
Our eldest,
I got a,
gave him a little football and I said men play football and hockey.
Yeah.
Check play other women.
So that was nice.
He didn't say that.
No,
I didn't say that,
but I was like,
you could be a man or you could,
uh,
not,
you know.
Well I mean sports.
Do you like that whole gender stuff?
It's really,
it's so,
it is so binary.
It really is.
Like when I see my son picking up just handfuls of dirt and throwing it,
you know,
or,
or just jumping uncontrollably off of furniture onto the beanbag chair,
you're like,
this is a boy.
There's,
there's no question about it.
And what if a girl did that?
What would you say then?
Uh,
you know,
so,
so yeah,
we had our little boy.
And do we want to reveal the name or,
sure.
Do you want to tell him you,
you came up with this one.
Okay.
Yeah.
Our first one.
So you need a second one second child who is leaning?
Boy?
Well we don't know.
We don't know yet.
No,
his name is Julian.
That's right.
Yeah.
His name is Julian Chilean and um,
he is ours.
I'm doing the paternity test.
Do you raising him as man did.
He looks,
both of our babies came out looking like at your Tommy's,
it's basically you,
but really,
really tiny.
Yeah.
Julian looks exactly like Elliston more or less.
Maybe his nose is a little different.
Uh,
they're blonde.
We don't,
you know,
we don't post pictures of our kids online.
I,
I posted like a jokey picture of a baby with a beard saying that it was ours,
but I don't,
I don't really publish
your baby's adorable on so nice.
People aren't really supportive,
but uh,
um,
they look like you.
It's so upsetting.
And then they eventually turn into me,
so that's okay.
But so we were waiting around.
Lj looks like you.
Oh yeah.
He's a Hungarian.
He's a hun all the way.
Uh,
so why do date was July 18th and Cardi B fucked everything up.
We're going to have a dual yeah.
Fucking thing.
Cardi yeah.
She had her baby like a week before me and so we were all waiting for him to
show up.
I had contractions every night for like four nights before and then finally they
were like,
we have to induce you cause I'm old as fuck.
I'm 42 you are super old to have a baby.
Just so everybody knows.
I get asked this a lot.
They're like,
Eh,
you know,
people assume my gender.
They see my age and so offensive.
I'm 39 I don't even know the lifestyle you live.
I don't know what it's been over 40 has nothing to do with me.
Nothing to do with you.
Enjoy your last year,
dude.
This is it.
It's not,
that's not that long.
What are we gonna do for your birthday?
Seeing how antisocial you are.
I don't think we should have a party like a party.
I think it would really upset me.
I know.
No,
Your parents were like,
should we come out and have a surprise party for Tom?
No.
And I go,
do you even know your son?
That would probably be the worst thing to ever happen.
I don't like that.
I know.
I hate it too.
I fucking hate parties.
It's more of a stress.
Um,
uh,
you know,
dinner with like people that I choose.
No surprises.
No,
I'd like to have a nice dinner like five other people that we like,
not Bert because he'll eat up everything.
You got to be nothing to eat,
nothing to drink.
Definitely not hurt.
No,
no.
Uh,
so anyways,
let me just look back to the birthing story if you want it.
You know,
I think now people are curious because you had the baby.
What else do you want to start here?
But I know a lot of people were curious cause I,
I posted out to the library of a logo and seeking his team to do is stand up now
we're talking so stupid.
I posted a picture of a woman giving birth and a creek and I'm like,
this is how I'm going to do it.
Obviously it's not.
How many do you think is obvious to people online now?
And I did travel with a Doula when I went to Las Vegas when I was eight months
pregnant.
But that,
that was,
she's,
it's a fancy word for a baby nurse in case I were to go into labor,
I'd have somebody with me cause you couldn't travel with me.
Uh,
that's why I had to do like not because I'm into natural birth,
I'm far from it.
So they induced me on uh,
the 18th in the evening and you spent the night with me.
He slept in the bed next to and then uh,
all night they give you some pill and it makes your cervix.
I watch porn jerked out a lot of times,
like all my medical fantasies.
I got to kind of,
you know,
which nurse did you like the bat?
I kind of,
I feel like I know which one I liked that you would have banked like of all,
you weren't sexually turned on by the birth at the birth?
No checking out nurses for sure.
I thought there,
I'm being serious.
There was one nurse,
so I was like,
oh that's Tommy's type.
This is what goes through your head.
While you're about to have a baby.
I'm just trying to distract myself from what's about to happen.
Like I'm just,
I was just trying to entertain myself in the moment.
Like trying to disassociate a little bit cause it's kind of traumatic.
You know,
you're thinking about your husband's type of all the nurses walking.
There was one,
they were all really nice where we
know there was one blonde girl,
she was like a blonde hair,
blue eyed.
The skinny chick.
I didn't,
I didn't look at her tits situation like you like,
but I was like,
oh I bet Tommy is probably a masturbating her right now.
She's in the delivery room.
God,
so I dilated all night or whatever and not dilated.
So which one was it?
I just told you she was the blonde one.
She's blonde hair blond ones.
She was like the skinny or one.
I'm trying,
I can't,
you know,
I don't know.
I can't,
I can't remember her name.
Okay.
So 9:00 AM the next morning.
Did you see me and her connected?
We have like chemistry,
surprisingly respectful at the birth.
Like you weren't you flirty like you normally are?
Like what
do you know that husband,
there are husbands that do that,
like that flair with the waitress in front of their wives.
It's so gross.
My Dad would do that all the time in front of my step mom,
like flirt with the waitress.
So gross.
Okay,
so 9:00 AM rolls around.
They bring us down to labor and delivery.
Uh,
and uh,
we at 9:00 AM I remember you and I hear this blood curdling Holy Spirit,
that was really intense.
It was like the movies where you hear women giving birth,
you know how to like
[inaudible]
and then we heard a baby cry.
It was,
it was actually terrifying.
It was fucking horrible.
Okay.
Like really intense.
And we walked by that room.
I was like,
yeah,
it was at that moment I go give me the epidural.
And I had had like a whisper of a contraction at that point.
I had maybe two real contractions.
This thing with women about like,
Oh,
you're not going to feel the pain.
Why do you guys do that?
Oh,
I,
you know,
I don't know.
I asked this friend of mine who's like,
I want to do it naturally.
You know why?
Because there's a badge of honor amongst women for the suffering and involved in
motherhood.
Like how long did you breastfeed for?
Or are you exclusively breastfeeding?
Right.
Um,
did you get the epidural?
Did you suffer?
It's like a badge of [inaudible].
It's just,
it's a stupid thing between us that like if you could go longer without the
epidural,
you're somehow a better mother or you're,
you're stronger,
you know,
you're more capable.
This is more silly.
White chicks are dumb.
I think you're right.
I'm actually going to Osi with you on this.
Yeah,
I think it's preposterous when people opt out of an epidural,
first of all,
it doesn't item,
as far as I know,
it doesn't hurt the baby.
That's why they put it in your spinal column.
That doesn't fuck with the kid.
Secondly,
you wouldn't even get a cavity filled without anesthesia.
Why would you blast an eight and a half pound baby out of your coach and go
through the contractions and stuff?
It's just silly.
To me.
It's silly.
So I had the epidural,
we,
you know,
they lay me on my side.
They put a fucking beach ball between my legs,
which is supposed to help the baby come to shoot,
shoot down the trail faster.
You know you're eating your sandwiches and masturbating to porn as a,
we're waiting for the Lord when nurses,
Harris dilating,
dilating,
dilating and then that's it.
They tell you to push and then an hour,
an hour and 20 minutes of pushing
and then Julian blasted my badge.
Came right out of your snatch.
I watched it and did you did,
but you didn't look at my badge this time you said,
well here's the thing,
you're so,
it's funny.
You can be in,
it's funny,
you can look at something and not notice something in the same eyeline because
I'm seeing him crown like basic size hair and style kind of.
I see your purse just kind of going like expanding like somethings you're about
to like take a real big shit out of your post or something.
Right.
And then no,
it's a bit,
does that trip you out?
Are you like,
no,
because your shit,
here's the thing is you're not like looking at like,
oh,
that's weird.
It's,
it's your wife and your baby and you're going back and forth and the nurses say
saying,
this is the doctor saying this.
So you're just seeing it and it doesn't register,
you know?
Yeah.
And then when he's actually coming out of you,
so crazy dude,
when I see like his head hanging out of you,
yeah.
You're emotional and you're also like,
why you?
Why?
What are you emotional about?
I'm like,
what can I have sex again?
How long is it gonna is it gonna feel the same heart?
All those thoughts.
So,
um,
no.
Um,
you know,
I'm seeing my,
my baby come in the world,
but it's a second one.
So it's like,
is it as fun as the firm is a no,
of course not.
Right.
But it's still a thing.
And,
and here's the thing,
I'm seeing him and he's hanging out of you,
but even though he's this far apart from you,
he's still in
you.
I don't actually see your parts.
It's all covered by baby.
Yeah.
No,
I'm just like looking at him.
I'm not noticing three inches away.
Yeah,
I just don't notice it.
I'll tell you why it's so,
it's so embarrassing when you,
when you labor cause like I can feel him like you know,
you don't,
you feel pressure.
You don't feel pain.
You can,
if I can feel him like really fingering my badge really was I saw that.
Yeah.
Like this.
I was like Bro,
relax like this is that really necessary is really necessary bro.
You think that the doctor is doing unnecessary?
I feel like he was pushing the vagina really
better,
doctor.
No,
he was fantastic.
But you think he's doing things that are unnecessary?
You know when people are doing stuff and that stuff doesn't need to be done.
I don't think it's that he's painting the roses red.
I was like,
dude,
don't worry about it.
I'll push this fucker out.
You don't need to like push my vagina lips back,
back,
back here more at this moment.
Then him,
if he listens to,
he'll never less and he's the best.
Yeah.
So fucking,
you know what?
I'll tell you something too that we haven't talked about off off air.
When I was pushing,
I pushed with an epidural.
So it's a little numb.
You don't really,
you can't feel the contraction.
I felt like the nurses and him were so disappointed in how I was pushing for the
first,
you know what I mean?
Like they were,
I know it was so upsetting.
Yeah.
It's like I push as hard as I did that
and I didn't know what to say either.
I'm like,
Dude's then you did the pitocin.
They had to turn it up so that the contraction move the baby down.
Cause I wasn't naturally laboring.
That was a manufacturer labor and the pitocin was too low.
So that the fucking cranking it up.
Great.
Let's go.
I'm all about that.
And medicated birth,
let's go.
So finally I took your big shit.
Shit.
No,
I didn't see any shit.
I feel like I didn't,
I don't think I should know.
Uh,
but then ever we had our Sassy nurse fuck.
And this happened was last time too.
I don't know why.
I think they do this on purpose.
These delivery nurses,
they'll put in one nurse who's like Mrs Personality and then she'll try to crack
jokes when you're fucking pushing.
And I all,
I was this close to being like,
can somebody get Shecky green out of the fucking delivery room?
Like the,
you're the last fucking personality I need because believe it or not,
Tom and I and real life moments,
we act like real people.
There's no joking.
It's like,
Hey,
this is pretty fucking serene.
Have a moment.
Of course asshole.
And she's like,
I can't even remember her stupid jokes.
It was a lot of stupid fucking hated her dumb fucking face so much.
I wanted to kick her.
If I could have moved my legs,
I would have kicked her writing her fucking dumb face.
I laughed and I laughed.
She got very upset.
Yeah,
you guys had a little yeah,
tiff.
Tough,
tough,
tough buffalo.
No dummy.
That's not what I'm asking.
And she was like her,
her face dropped and she was,
she looked at the other nurses and cause I asked her out at the nurse's station.
So you asked her out?
Yeah.
After you,
I asked her just a question about,
um,
a visitor coming,
like,
what time can they get in there whenever we can this visitor,
the visitor spend the night.
And she was like,
at your house?
And I go,
yeah,
I'm asking you if somebody could spend the night at my house.
Yeah.
I figured I'd come to the hospital and ask the hospital staff who can spend the
night at my house.
Yeah.
You know,
I didn't say it like that.
I actually,
I laughed and I was like,
well no,
I know who can spend the night at my house.
I'm asking you to come to spend the night here.
Right.
And I laughed as I said it like,
you're fucking dumb.
And then she was like,
you know,
it was like,
she was embarrassed that I,
you know,
I didn't fully mocker I just kind of giggled.
Like,
of course I'm not asking you that.
She got,
and she,
she gave me like two really smart ass answers and she looked at the rest of the
girls and you could tell that they,
um,
you know,
bow to her.
Well,
no,
because all turn out because here's why she was,
she was fucked up about that.
She's the person in the office who's the shaky,
right?
She,
she's the the sarcastic,
funny one.
Right.
So when the professional,
sarcastic,
funny one came to town,
she wasn't having any of it.
Of course.
Yeah.
I swear to God.
I know they put her in delivery rooms thinking that it puts the woman at ease,
but nothing makes me crazier than one.
Unfunny people try to be funny with us.
I know.
It's like bitch,
do you know that this is like we're professional fucking comedians do not come
at me with your office humor with your case of the Mondays and with your fucking
coffee here.
You know what I'm saying?
Like your coffee Mug joke.
Go Fuck Yourself.
I don't need it right now.
Yeah,
I know.
I'm Matt Analyses How mad I am that they were mad at my pushes.
Like I,
I'm fucking,
I'm so annoyed that they were like,
and I had to like dig deep to find a positive mental space cause I felt like
they were,
they were so angry.
Like everyone is upset with me cause I didn't push the baby out in like one
second.
No,
no fucking assholes now I'm all pissed.
Anyways,
he came out,
he came out.
No he,
they,
they had to cut me again.
They got,
I have another fucking a PCR autonomy,
which is horrendous.
But he sewed it up really well.
I have high hopes that my badge is going to bounce back cause I will tell you
that this baby weighed a pound more than Lj,
more than a pound pound in it.
And I was more,
this kid was eight,
eight,
eight pounds,
eight ounces.
And let me tell you,
I felt every pound of that thing come out me that is twice the size of my Ding
Dong.
Dude,
let me tell you something.
I've had my badge blasted before.
This was like a fucking grenade went off and it didn't even look like my stuff
and I,
I mean it was,
it was so crazy.
And They Make You pee right away cause you have a catheter in that's like the
first thing.
What you,
you have a baby.
And uh,
the nicest nurse sits down with me and she's like,
okay,
you have to be no.
And then she put on the water,
she's Filipino.
And then,
um,
she washed my vagina for me.
Yeah.
Like she took the squirt bottle,
lapped it right up.
She has like,
there's some afterbirth tank clean like a puppy,
like a dog,
you know?
Yeah.
Just like a dog cleans up the puppies.
You're all clean now.
I'll chemo and,
and this woman was rinsing my vagina with the first though the water bottle.
And then,
uh,
she,
she patted it dry and then she put the Tux medicated pads on the,
on the Max.
That's disgusting Maxi pads that give you on these horrible hospital panties.
And she,
you know,
she sent me right up and I remember and I said to her,
I'm like,
that was the most loving thing anyone's ever done for me.
I go,
I've never had another woman lovingly washing my vagina.
And the way you just did,
thank you so much.
It was,
it was wonderful.
She goes,
oh,
thank you.
That's so nice.
Nice.
That's the daughter,
the daughter of Kim.
And so then I had,
I forced pee out.
I was cool.
Um,
you know,
and then you're just broken up.
Do you have a baby?
You feel like you got fucking hit by a truck for a few days.
They dose you're full of Vicodin because you have contractions when your uterus
goes back and,
sure.
No,
we have a beautiful son,
a beautiful,
beautiful boy,
healthy and he's great.
He's gaining weight.
He's,
he's a,
he's great.
He's been home with us now for 10 days and it's been crazy.
It's been great.
And your parents came and they are fucking useless.
But it's so fun to have.
Um,
we had a good time with them on this thing because it all,
although they don't really,
you know,
do much but drink coke and,
and annoy us.
They did entertain our toddler and gave him oodles of attention and he lapped
it.
I'm just loved it.
That's fine.
So that was great to have LJ to have him looked after by them,
even though they managed to break all of our sleep training rules.
I think he lived off of cake and ice cream exclusively for the time they were
here.
Yeah.
I think he slept in their bed too because I followed up and no,
really.
Then where did he get the idea of like nap in the bed?
Like that's where Granddad was Natalie.
I think he's seen us more in beds.
That's all.
That's what he did.
When your parents are oldest,
fuck kid,
your parents is lay down all day little they can do.
I think that's what happened.
Yeah,
so there you go.
I'm back.
I'm still deflating my stomach.
It's funny when you think you have a kid,
when you have a baby that like your stomach just gets flat right away.
Not me.
It's,
you know,
it takes a couple of weeks.
I'm still kind of puffy.
It's all kind of,
it's really neat to be on youtube though.
You're deflating so that everybody can comment on how fat I look or,
oh,
she's still pregnant.
Like that's cool.
I was weighed.
You Gay.
You ate like a bunch of stuff,
Huh?
Yeah.
That's kind of cool to be able to do this on the Internet.
You know,
the Internet's a nice place.
That's the one thing I've learned about the Internet.
Yeah,
it's full of Nice cause even Cardi B on her Instagram was like,
Nona,
you motherfuckers are going to see my body until I do the snap back.
Like she's smart enough to not go on the Internet and show her body.
Me On the other hand,
not so much.
Yeah.
No,
she's a very smart lady.
She knows.
So yeah.
Anyway,
really disappointed that she um,
you know,
did it without us,
but it's very upsetting of course.
Why bother making a pact if you're going to break it and Cardi Bacardi,
Bacardi,
Bacardi was that stupid song,
body Bacardi caught and Gaudy.
Dadi Dadi I had been flirting with nurses.
But you have found yourself another man.
No hair.
I've been polite.
A bank.
Kind of been honest and sincere.
Okay.
I like to have
throw the fuck up.
I like,
no,
I like to have some sex.
Okay.
How come it's never the hot guys that put the plea out there like this.
Why is this guy,
what do you say about him?
I never see Brad Pitt being like,
I want the fucking titties.
He didn't have to.
I think he would have got a big response if he did that.
I don't think so.
I like to have a woman in my home and vomit.
I can make her laugh.
I'm going to throw,
he's so creepy.
Little Boys.
Thank you.
He's watching Rachel Maddow.
Yeah.
That's great.
Do you see that this class?
Yeah.
And check it out.
He'll make a promise to,
Oh,
Mike,
you can throw,
throw up last lady 10 15 times before I even went.
Beau marks.
Yeah,
Babe.
Nice.
He's so fucking gross.
I don't like him.
Now here's the thing I don't like,
why is he wearing a shirt if he wants to be on their show?
Right.
Uh,
but it is a really cool camera angles.
The shitty angle.
Check.
Uptight.
It's underneath.
He's got on his tinted indoor glasses.
Big creepy teeth.
Big Old,
creepy T.
I mean it's so close to the,
the,
the camera has nothing but his face in frame.
But I can see that there's a shirt for sure.
It's disappointing.
But the message is what?
I liked it here.
Thank you ladies.
I would like to pass her one day.
Have sex.
We got it bro.
Hello.
Bye Bye.
I got it.
Okay.
But by now,
look at his choppers.
Those are bad.
Chompers he's got some fake keys so that's fine.
Um,
the smile is no,
you're right about the up closeness.
Like if you're not an attractive person,
don't give this close.
Yeah,
go wide on the shot.
What woman do you think responds to this leaf?
It is a woman.
I know.
I know you boys come down later for Musu.
Musu ladies desperate enough that this is the kind of dude she get down.
Cause I ain't no regular dudes going to go for Moose.
Do you think it's good back and forth
like that
she would be looking for,
she's like,
she's flipping through guys.
Nice.
And then she sees this guy who's like,
I want to Teddy's my face.
And she's like,
well,
because here's the thing.
Most Soup Lady,
she lives on the river.
Yeah,
she usually deals with more blue collar dudes.
So when this guy comes around,
she's like,
oh,
he's like a step up.
He's a good guy,
blue collar guys or you know,
whatever.
I'm just saying that he seems more maybe suave than like the river ds Slob.
I love that he's Suave,
but don't you feel like,
but he will make you come Tom.
Like don't you feel like he means it?
I think you'll try to make you come.
But didn't he say he got 15 he fucked 15 times.
True.
He really did.
He said he fucked 15 times without an orgasm.
Is that what I said?
She,
she had 16 she had 15 orgasms before he came.
That's what you said.
Say No more.
So he's really,
he's down to lay it down.
He's going to drop it in you.
Who would you rather be with?
Uh,
this guy,
the teeth guy.
This guy or the guy who's like right now,
right now.
Right now.
Right now I want to have the baby.
I want you to have that guy.
Oh my God,
that guy's really fucking disturbed.
This guy's just,
he's horny now.
He's got a bad sense of what you do with that.
Like what he should be doing with how bad he wants to have sex.
So it make this video,
go see a prostitute man.
Just go.
Yeah,
go do that.
What about the try it.
Okay.
What'd you do?
Try it out guy or this guy.
Oh this guy of course.
Do you have any idea how fucked up those guys are?
Yeah,
I feel like I don't cause here's the thing,
they all present as you would say in the therapy was guy's creepy.
Normal.
Like here's the thing,
this guy is creepy.
He presents just creepy and then I guarantee you we're going to get a follow up
video for shits.
Way worser.
It could be way worser.
You know I could be,
this is the,
this is the tip.
Cause normal dudes don't fucking do that.
Have you ever made a video?
Fuck No.
But if you have,
if you have door number one,
door number two and donor
and you're talking about right now,
right now.
Right now,
right?
That guy's an asshole.
Yeah.
And try it out guy.
And this guy,
this is your best bet.
Not even close.
I'm going to go.
I'm still going to go and try it out.
Guy.
I'm going to go try it out.
Here's why.
You're out of your God damn mind.
I'm not a black guy who likes to fuck and fuck.
Good.
Yeah.
First of all,
he would hate you.
I'm not as time,
but try it out.
Guys.
Got some killer drugs.
We know that you're not into drugs.
I'm not into drugs,
but I would have to be for this encounter.
I would just get high with him and then we'd forget about it.
But that guy is going to follow through on his promise.
He's going to make you calm 15 times.
Come again.
You want to fucking do that shit again?
Yeah,
but I don't know.
I don't,
I think you see this guy note like he's like,
I've been polite.
I think he actually,
he knows kind of how to act a little bit.
You know?
I don't think he's actually a,
see this video for him is a different like throw of the bait.
So you like,
or what he did was he did videos where he's like,
I like,
you know,
I like the poker.
I like watching baseball.
He tried honey.
Yeah,
he tried it and since he didn't get any response,
he was like,
I've been polite.
I'm really good at sex.
I like to have,
he did that thinking that that will work.
He's actually just sharing too much.
That's his problem.
He doesn't know that this is not a good tactic.
Well yet he's,
he's chumming the waters with different chump.
So this is another bucket and he's like,
is it,
is it sardines at the girls weren't right at worms.
If it doesn't know that they don't want the Aumakua come that women are like,
wait a minute,
this guy would make me go.
Like,
he doesn't know that,
but he thinks that that might work.
The thing is,
is that he's motivated by mail motivations and he's assuming that women are
motivated.
The similarly it's most men's mistake is when they go like,
oh,
I don't get it.
You know,
I just told her I'd fucking make her come for four strokes.
And that came so hard,
like girls don't think that way.
If you not been around women ever
thinking that.
Like I told her I'd fuck her hard.
I don't know what her problem is.
Super hard and a pound the shit out of that plus,
and then she'd come all over the place.
Yeah,
it's not,
it's not an ar.
It's not number one on the list.
I'm not saying that women don't enjoy it.
It's a guy thing,
like big decks.
I'd say that,
but I mean,
not your brothers
with now and you're happy,
but you're right.
It's maybe as a woman,
it's not number one on the list.
Small dicks.
So we always told me
like,
I like the smaller,
the better.
I never would say this is smaller.
You always told me you're like,
could you make it smaller?
Oh,
now I'm turned on.
He always said to me,
yeah,
just so just to let the guys listening now.
Yeah.
Generally if you're trying to to bait the women in,
okay.
Or you're online,
you're trying to,
I'm going to come home and like you don't lead with,
I got a big Dick.
That's not how you know you don't leave women.
Listen,
women like to come women like penises of all sizes.
Yes.
Yeah,
but you don't lead with that flood because most women don't want that as like
the headline,
unless our total animals and they're on,
they're on a fuck thing like [inaudible] or whatever.
Yeah.
Like at least she's putting out there like I want to come then.
Yeah,
that's who you answered that with.
I tell you though,
as somebody who obviously doesn't,
if somebody,
if a woman,
yeah,
hit me up,
I'm saying,
let's say I'm single,
I'm on Tinder and this girl was like,
are you down to fuck?
Yeah.
My,
my thought,
and maybe this is just my own insecurity,
I'd be like,
Oh,
this is,
I'm getting cat fished right now.
Right horse.
And if she was like this,
let me see how big that is.
I'd be like,
you gotta be kidding.
Like how would I ever believe that that's sincere?
Because it seems so out of left field to get from a woman that I'd be like,
this is not normal.
This is not a,
this is another guy.
This is 100% who's going to a hundred jack off to my deck porch or just
someone's fucking with me.
Like I'd be like,
this is not real.
This is like a guy friend.
Well,
as somebody,
I have a friend who is on these,
like who's on Tinder and on these fuck sites.
Yeah,
rest assured,
there are women out there who really do just want to see your deck and get fuck.
Now a lot of them are in relationships and they'll be like,
I'm,
I'm married but I'm looking to swing or I've got a boyfriend.
I'm looking at whatever.
There are animals out there,
disgusting pigs that are willing to,
I know that they're out there.
I'm saying the,
the,
even the lady who's just putting it out there,
she ain't no lady DM message of like,
are you down to fuck 100% I'm not a real person or a bot or like a prostitute.
How could you be?
I mean,
that's the thing is I would,
I don't know,
I just wouldn't buy it.
I want to buy it either.
It's,
it's generally,
it's out of the norm of feminine behavior.
That's what,
let's,
let's leave it at that.
Like,
I think it's,
it's out of the norm.
So here's what does work on women for the guy listening.
Okay.
Lies,
here's what I mean.
Okay.
Yeah.
Tell us,
uh,
emotional connection.
Women have to connect to you emotionally.
Generally not.
It's not,
you know,
it's a barrage in it.
I'm just saying we have to feel something for you emotionally.
What's the lie that guys should be,
that you're interested in looking for a relationship?
Unless she goes,
I'm what,
but see,
it's,
it's more believable,
I think if a woman's like,
I'm not looking for a relationship like that.
Wordplay seems more believable that,
that what,
sorry.
That he's not,
let's say the girl just wants to hook up her saying like,
no strings.
I just want to hook up.
Oh,
right,
right.
That seems like that language seems more believable than like you got a big
Dick.
Right,
right.
Yeah,
that's right.
So.
Okay,
very good point.
So let's say you're the guy that wants to just hook up,
just do a no strings attached.
Yeah.
You but don't be like,
I got a big old Dick.
It's gonna make your pussy Kinda hard.
Hard,
crazy.
Yeah.
We'll make it come.
This is another tactic tactic here.
Okay.
I just want to record you.
What is you saying?
Big,
big,
or for sale.
Oh,
I'm doing this.
I'm going to say about the way back.
You know tomorrow.
So he is doing dick sale now.
Check it out.
Yeah,
they're gonna eat for sale.
Oh,
$2,200 a pop baby.
One other spot.
But I'll guarantee you gon be all right.
You're,
I'm dead serious right now.
This is like another version of the same guy.
Basically it,
it's a different tactic.
He's,
he's like,
you pay me,
you pay me.
He's on the visual tip.
Here's the thing,
most women don't need to pay for sex.
We don't have to.
So this again,
this is another flawed tapping.
You getting any,
any um,
takers?
Yeah,
negative.
There's a gimme one.
I guarantee you going to be all right.
You know,
tomorrow.
No,
no woman wants to sail.
You don't want nick.
Why now I Gabi give me,
give me $200 on there.
I'm going all night,
baby.
$20 I'm going on not,
you didn't Glean for sale niggling for sale.
Uh,
he might be a little fucked up,
right?
Oh,
he's got his $20 like how,
by the way,
she at $20.
She didn't even say anything else.
He just looked at him probably like,
okay,
okay.
Yeah.
20 and $20 that,
you know what?
That was the fatal flaw of the TV show Gigolos that you and I loved for so long.
I forgot.
Hey,
he was on that show.
Yeah,
but your,
your army.
The problem with Gigolos is that there's so few women out there who need to pay
for sex.
Right.
Like we don't have to give you $200.
I think the only time it ever makes sense actually thinking about it when the
woman does it,
is the woman who doesn't know how to do the no strings attached hookup.
Yes.
Because for some people that's it.
They don't know how to approach it.
That makes sense to me.
I would do it like if I were a single 35 year old professional woman and I was
like,
you know,
I kind of want a good experience.
I'm lonely,
I'm horny.
I don't want to go to a bar and find some of stage bag.
Like let's get some guy who knows what he's doing.
I know what I'm getting into.
And then,
you know,
I pay for it.
He's clean,
I'm clean,
whatever.
Yeah.
It's got a big hollow donkey,
Dick and his legs and okay,
he's good,
but he's going to role play and he's going to plow the garden gardener.
I'd be like,
ah,
I left the,
I left the bill.
I don't know if you paid me yet.
Oh,
how much should I go?
Oh yeah,
yeah.
I got my leaf blower and then he pulls it out.
He was like,
have you seen this leaf blower?
Yeah.
You're like,
oh,
make Gustava.
Oh my sprinklers broken.
I like it or not.
That means I,
um,
I,
yeah,
I don't know though.
Again,
I say that,
but I don't know that I'd actually have the
courage a dig a dangling to do that message here it says,
Geez,
I was listening to four 58 and you were discussing the idea of giving
explanations of your body before the act occurs.
Yeah,
got me thinking back to my college days and I was seeing a guy that was 12 years
older after many meetings and make out sessions in the bars.
He finally took me home.
I was so stoked yoga instructor about to give me a free lesson.
We get to his place.
He tells me he has to warm me,
warn me about the size of his member.
As you can imagine my mind races to so many different places with the dread of a
small we we,
I try to remind myself of the saying,
it's not about the size,
but how he uses it.
I let him explain with my excitement.
He tells me it has some girth to it and I will more than likely bleed.
What?
As I was a 21 year old college girl,
I was up for the challenge.
We proceeded to get dressed and I was like,
Oh yes,
definitely.
Biggest one in my book after a few thrust groans in and throws I s I noticed
it's a bit more wet than usual.
Unfortunately,
the pain outweighed the alcohol and the bed looked like a murder scene.
I was devastated and embarrassed.
He told me to hop in the shower after awhile.
He joins me in the shower.
It tells me that this isn't the first time that it's happened to not feel
embarrassed.
We go back to the bedroom and to my disbelief,
he had changed all the bedding and it looked like nothing had taken place.
We'd lay there.
He tells me if I would like to.
He would like for whatever the this was to continue and he promised to take it
easy.
Oh,
we saw each other for almost a year and thankfully it was never that bad.
Again,
thanks for reading my story.
Thank you for providing me with entertainment.
Am I commute to work?
Would love to see you in the Midwest.
Number One,
Mommy,
Jessica.
That's a lot of vaginal tearing,
I'm assuming.
But it also sounds like she adapted.
They saw each other for a year.
Yeah.
I think you should probably when you're drunk too,
you may overestimate your ability to handle,
that's 100% yeah.
Like if you use a lubricant,
I think it sounds like also,
it was nice that he gave us the warning.
Really Nice.
Yeah.
I,
you know,
I like you should,
why not give somebody that Henry Lee,
he's done this to other people.
Like,
Hey,
there's this thing that happens that's so us.
It's unreal.
It must be so painful.
Yes.
Somebody a hey Hitler.
Um,
I forgot that.
I'm fine with my,
I fight with my big stupid boyfriend all the time.
Mostly because he's taking 10,
12 Jen Benadryl before we make it better fitness.
And it comes after four strokes since every couple has fights.
I was wondering if your jeans ever get too low and loose on recording day.
Oh,
the mommy's have to put their lovers Paula side to record.
Why Mh feel me?
No,
I mean what I'm saying,
I just want to know if my mom's ever fight like a normal married couple or any
advice on how to avoid or quickly and relationship fights.
Thanks.
Jeans.
No,
we're perfect.
Sarah knee from tits Berg.
No.
Right Tommy,
we totally perfect.
Don't know what you're talking about.
No,
of course we do.
You know what the banks,
here's the best thing.
Um,
my advice,
what we definitely have our fights like any normal couple of course.
I think the best thing is we're actually pretty good at talking it out.
Yes,
we were.
We're good at sensing it.
Like I know something's wrong.
I know you're upset about something.
What is it?
And the thing that I've learned to do more as I got older with experience,
um,
is after you make,
you know,
you need to get off your chest,
the other person has to listen to you.
You have to listen to them.
And as long as you try to see the other person's perspective and they try to see
yours,
usually you can resolve things pretty quickly.
That's what I try to do is like,
Hey,
I'm upset about this,
blah,
blah.
Here's what it is and this is why I'm upset about it.
Do you understand why I'm upset?
Yeah.
And when someone like goes like,
yeah,
I do understand why you're upset.
Well usually a lot of what's bothering you kind of goes away and then they say
it to you.
Right?
If you're like,
okay,
well at least I understand where you're coming from.
Kind of resolves it.
But I have to admit when we,
when we do have our disagreements and stuff,
it's so hard for me sometimes when I'm super angry to understand your side of
it.
Like I have to calm myself down.
Of course everyone does so much to be like,
wait,
what the fuck is he saying?
I know he's fucking retarded.
I know he's fucking wrong.
I know.
It was so stupid.
I hate his fucking guys want to tear his face off.
Yeah.
And then after I go through all that stuff,
yeah,
yeah.
Uh Huh.
After I curse you and wish you were dead.
Yeah.
Then I go,
maybe I should listen to him because then that's the only way we're going to
stop this.
Find a nice way of describing the whole thing.
You gotta be so retarded.
Yeah.
Cause cause I don't,
I hate the fighting too.
Like if I just want it to stop,
you know,
somebody one time was like,
why don't you,
uh,
like airy or fights more?
No,
that's not the show.
Yeah.
Now
Apropos your question about recording day.
Absolutely.
There have been times where we've been recording and had to stop and have a
little thing and then we go back to the show.
The reason,
I don't know,
we don't,
I don't really,
we don't include it cause it's kind of like sometimes it trickles into very
personal things that are happening in the house.
Yeah.
I don't want to,
I don't want everybody to know every,
every,
every view and when we share a lot,
yeah.
But there's some shit that Tom and I should keep
private too.
I feel there's,
there's that.
I also feel like this,
I mean our show is silly.
We like to have a fun time.
We do,
we joke around,
we play crazy videos and drops and we have fun.
So yeah,
if like I'm,
if I'm in an argument with you,
to me,
I mean I understand the curiosity of someone being like,
oh,
I'd like to hear the argument.
Yeah.
But it's like,
to me it's not the vibe of what we do.
Wow.
So some people are going to just disagree with that.
I'm fine with that.
You can disagree with it and you can also start your own fucking podcast to do
your own stupid shit.
Fuck you.
Dumb ass.
Also too,
I think it's a bummer,
uh,
for people to hear married couples argue.
I don't like to hear other people's like,
you fucked this up.
Yeah.
I don't like it.
Especially,
you know,
you listen to the show to get away from that shit.
What do you want to hear?
A fucking married couple arguing about the same shit.
You argue about it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I don't know what,
listen,
the point is a yes,
Tom and I argue we do.
We try to be civil,
I think.
I think the thing that sustained our relationship is that we hold our tongues in
terms of saying really evil shit to each other.
At least like,
I'll think it,
like I said,
I'll go through it in my head,
but I won't,
I try not to say things that will like the cause irreparable damage.
I think that that's,
yeah,
of course.
Yeah.
You try not to shout.
We try not to be like,
you know,
if shooty try,
if you say something during an argument that can cause irreparable damage,
it will like you,
you have to kind of keep it.
Yeah.
He was civilized dude.
Sure.
I know people that argue like that and you're like,
man,
of course we did.
We were friends with the people that argue like that and it's explosive and
volatile and some people love it because then they can fucking makeup after and
it's that volatility cycle.
I personally,
I hate it.
I,
you know,
I grew up fighting with my parents and my mother.
I fucking hate it.
I hate that stuff,
man.
Yeah.
It's no fun.
It's the worst.
Um,
here's really what I wanted to get into with you too.
It's like,
oh,
okay,
why aren't we doing this?
Why
are we in a normal family?
We have two kids order Domino's for dinner sometimes,
right?
I'm ready to go.
Our Kids Canaan's Zeiler RFA and a half years old,
we're raising that and using Dave van,
they're gender neutral.
They can decide for themselves when and how they want to identify as agender.
That was a kid that part,
how do they understand the concepts that at three years old meet,
if we ask Ellis every day,
hey,
what's your pronoun?
He'd be like,
what?
I like cars.
I wish this thing into the more into the depths of like,
like I wish that follow them around and show them,
ah,
you're right.
I think with just like a,
you know,
a nice old guy at a cafe,
he's like,
oh hey boy or girl.
And they're like,
we're uh,
kind of using the bay.
Then there,
and he's like,
what?
Like,
you know,
so that they choose their own gender.
The fuck is your problem and other gay.
There should just be a show.
By the way.
I feel like it'd be a number one hit where you just show old people things like
this.
I just have them go like,
I don't understand what's happening.
It's kind of like kids say the darndest things.
Remember what cause we did,
but with old people.
Old people too.
That's a fucking great show.
We got a pension
I think two,
nine times out of 10 these gender,
gender people,
it's usually the parents that are having gender issues,
I'm guessing.
Not The children.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I think that the dad or whatever Mapo me pop my ma,
he's the one questioning.
He's like,
yeah,
you're here.
Let's keep going early.
Projecting this shit on.
Let's keep going.
Clearly
the section of the gender of your child is important to other people.
Partially just because it's part of the social.
See there any different,
no idea that some children are she and some children are hee to them.
They're all children,
so like I was saying difference and the other kids that they're with.
Yeah.
That's not true.
That's definitely not my son.
Of course.
Yeah.
He plays with other boys cause they like to play trucks together and sometimes
he plays a girl that he knows that like this girl is acting different than the
boy playing dollies or whatever.
A lot of young girls when they grow up,
they're called,
you know,
don't get dirty.
Don't do that.
That's not saying all those kinds of things.
Are Gay girls capable of doing all these things?
Okay,
well those are called lesbians.
The ones that get dirty
play softball swing.
Then the young boys are called,
Oh don't cry.
You're okay.
Be Strong,
and then they aren't comfortable having emotions,
which can cause a lot.
Yeah.
There are ways of teaching your children this stuff without fucking up their
gender identity.
You can be like,
hey,
boys can cry.
Girls could get dirty,
girls can play football.
Boys can play Dolly's without totally screwing up their gender and then they
turn like eight and they're like,
hey,
I don't want to do that thing anymore.
I've been doing this for the other sex.
I know.
Like,
yeah,
that's a good,
you just hit a certain age.
You figured that out.
Yeah.
It was not something that we have discussed with either of them at all really or
as nervous about that because you think maybe it's too rich of a concept for
them.
They asked about it so we're waiting until that question comes up.
It's not good.
No,
but that's the thing I want to hear.
It's like when they go to like school or camp and they're like,
all right,
in the camera,
he's like boys over here and girls over there and,
and then someone's like,
what are you?
And then the kids like,
ah,
I think I'm a boy.
And then the mom's like,
why didn't you,
what did you decide that?
And it's like,
no,
I am a boy right there.
Look,
what do you think you are?
But think of that that's going on.
It's so much more tremendous traumatizing.
Then you know you,
you identify them as boy or girl and then they later go,
hey,
I think I feel like a girl.
And then you go,
okay,
then you were a girl problem solved.
Like,
why are you fucking them up from the beginning?
Let them present later in,
you know what I mean?
And then be cool with them presenting.
However,
like if Ellis or Julian later,
like,
you know what?
I think I'm a girl.
I'm like,
all right,
are you,
you know you can talk about it.
You feel it.
I'm not going to let them fucking take hormones and grow tits when they're 12
why you got wait and see or at least 18 before you screw up your biology.
It's crazy.
Sons was like a think I'm a girl.
I'd be like throwing these gloves and tell me how you feel when I'm done with,
you
know,
you are still breathing three minutes,
you can be a girl.
I agree.
You know,
you grow up rejecting your parents' values so much.
I did anyways and now that I am a parent,
I'm like,
you know what?
Parents were right.
Everybody's on drugs,
everybody's fucking retard and crazy and you just gotta anyone can be
transgender.
I'm serious.
I feel like that's completely obviously legit force,
but to tell a little three year old,
three year old be like,
I dunno,
it doesn't know what's going on.
He doesn't even know.
And to make an issue of it before,
it's an issue.
That's really what it is.
It's like saying you don't have to,
if it's your boy,
you don't have to be like,
it's just trucks and football.
Yeah.
Our son,
our son likes the color pink.
I bought him a pair of pink sunglasses yesterday at buy buy baby and the story,
he liked it.
I got it for him.
He turned around,
he played with it for a total of two minutes and it's gone.
It's onto the next thing.
So it's not a big fucking deal.
If he came to me and said,
I'm a woman.
Okay,
great,
let's,
let's fucking talk about it.
Let's do some,
you know what I mean?
It's like making,
it's the same thing with sugar.
All kid can't have the sugar,
don't give the kid,
and then you make a big deal out of it.
And when the kid finally gets her hand on diabetic,
go crazy.
Why are we making a big,
just don't make a fucking deal a little bit.
These people making crazy gender fluid.
People at penises identify as being boys [inaudible]
vice versa.
She's got vocal fry.
Ash got serious vocal fry.
You know,
listen,
not everybody has issue with their gender,
not they.
These people do.
I don't,
I would say that I'm not,
I'm so sick of the like some people like most the overwhelming,
the way,
that way that she should phrase
that sentence.
The overwhelming majority of people with penises are men who identify as men and
when I,
and when we say that we're talking somewhere between probably mm 2.8 and 3.5
billion
of the men on earth feel that way and then there's the 0.0,
zero,
zero one 5% of the population.
Then identify the way you're describing.
Yeah,
so there you go.
You're fucking weird.
Let's not make this.
There is research that shows when you Jesus Christ our language.
When we say good morning boys and girls are,
when we just say to our kids,
come on girls or what a smart boy you are using gender to sort and categorize
and label kids.
We do know that that increases
stereotypes.
There certainly feels that way.
Yeah they always are.
There always are fluid themselves.
And they also,
they said there's research that shows they don't show the research though.
What did you do?
Did you pull five of years dams and then they told you that that's your
research.
Okay.
There's alto pitches babies.
I'm hoping that they'll grow up and be supportive of other people and who they
are and how they feel and really confident in who they are themselves.
Right.
So just raise
compassionate children and don't put your gender shit on them cause it's clear
that the mom,
the mom and the dad or whatever they are,
they're the ones with the gender issue.
Kids seem fine.
They seem pretty content doing what kids do at three there,
the one
one's labeling over labeling and over analyzing this whole
or shit.
Here is a quick message we got.
Um,
regardless,
as high belt King and Queen Queen,
I was watching your podcast,
which I do sometimes order to see the videos you talk about.
I'm glad I did for episode four 57 while Tom was deciding who to fuck between
shit pig,
sissy of Fremont tried out guy.
I noticed he adjusted what looks like to be his gland penis while deciding on
shit pig.
Is this acting or was he just getting horn up by shit?
Pixely you explained yourself Derek.
Well,
here's the moment right here.
Let's see.
Okay,
let's let him fucking that guy.
You're fucking the teeth.
Yeah,
Dawg.
Shit.
Oh yeah.
I'm like pissing on try it out.
Walk me through your logic here.
There.
Write them.
They forgot their pronoun there.
Right?
Look at it.
Yeah,
I'm jerking off right here and I'm getting my four strokes.
If 50 times your time.
Yeah,
I mean what can I say?
You caught me.
Okay.
Is it so bad that a shit pig turns me on?
That guy was willing to do anything.
He was like pissing my shit in my mouth.
No,
no,
no.
We're talking about the shit pig.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
See me at the train station.
Oh,
that guy.
Yeah,
that so,
yeah.
Wow.
Dirty shooting shit.
Jag in your deck.
Yeah,
I was so turned off by him.
Let me just,
that conversation got me worked up.
Get me worked up.
Yeah,
I confess.
It turned me on.
Um,
we are going to
get our boy.
Yeah,
come back here.
You'll not notice that there's a break.
I always feel weird talking about breaks,
but this is what we're going to do.
And I got some chart with Tom Stuff to play.
You got some more clips and a well,
yeah.
All right.
Give us a moment to get her life together.
He Fan.
We're back and we have none.
Your apathy is so hard and he came so thick.
My brother,
I haven't thought about that guy and you know,
10 whole days now.
I'm glad he's back in my mind and my heart.
It's great.
Right?
So,
so good to know that,
to get back into it now.
Happy that he's,
he's fine.
He's fine.
So sorrows.
We did a lot since we last talked to these people and they don't even know.
Are you ready for it?
I didn't have a chance to edit it down.
I just have some conversation with Charles and Tom.
I've been wanting to hear this for a while cause we had a lot of great talks
while they were here.
A lot of stuff about hemorrhoids and cancer.
Your Dad likes talking about death a lot.
There are a lot of death talk.
It was,
that was fine.
He also,
um,
I had this thing going.
It's people heard it on the,
I don't think you were here for this.
You weren't cause my mom was here where I was like,
let's try to get,
let's talk to dad about you smoking weed whacker out here.
You know,
we have like a little bet going and everything he liked.
He likes,
he's very pro weed.
Your Dad,
very liberal.
So anti.
We'd just so crazy.
Anyways,
I brought that up like immediately with them.
So
can we,
can mom just try a small dose without you getting really upset?
No.
Why?
What's the big deal?
It's a big deal.
Why is it a big deal?
It's,
it's embedded in my character,
but it's not a big deal.
It's legal in 10 states.
Yeah,
but it's not illegal.
It's not illegal in Alabama,
Mississippi,
Tennessee.
We're not there.
I know.
It's,
it's,
it's not it.
Let me,
let me tell you one thing.
You don't know where,
but he really just on the whole deal,
even the church has nothing to do with this,
so it's just your kit.
She's playing along right there.
She's fun sometimes.
Your mom is a master liar.
She's a really good to see deceiver an actor.
So what she's doing right then it's being like,
hey man,
like why not?
Because she knows I pulled her aside.
She was like,
it's going to break his heart like he would if I do this bit.
And I was like,
come on,
just fucking do it.
Because she knew that he wouldn't be able to take it.
Yeah.
But you know,
it's an antiquated point of view on it for sure.
Why don't you cue me from my inside?
They don't.
What if the w what if that were true though?
What's the Charro has a lot of anxiety for people with a don't know.
So it's,
it's a good,
it's a really good lie.
Lots of neuropathy issues.
Yeah,
but what if I said,
mom can take this cookie.
It's very mild dose and it would chill her anxiety.
You'd still be like,
I don't want it.
I don't care.
I'd rather live with the anxiety if she,
if she really wanted to do it and she knows how I feel.
It would.
If I'm asking you if you knew that it could cause us,
can you do a budget deal with the anxiety,
you still would be like,
nope.
I'd rather you take a pharmaceutical drug,
not this drug to deal with the anxiety that I like.
Pharmaceutical drugs.
Okay.
So what I'm saying,
what if it cured the anxiety?
You still would be opposed to it.
Okay.
Well,
I don't have to give that some thought.
It's so annoying to me.
It's so annoying to me that line of thinking that it's okay.
I know we're doing a bit.
Yeah.
But he's like,
yeah,
it's okay.
Take this thing.
Not that thing.
Well,
I guess because it's regulated by the FDA.
Is that,
is that,
is that her regulates drugs?
Sorry.
Yeah,
I'm retarded.
I think,
um,
maybe because the government condones those drugs.
He,
he,
you know,
I don't know.
You have to understand too.
He's a Vietnam era guy.
He went to war and I know,
I know.
He doesn't like the hippies.
That didn't
do you missed,
you missed it on the last episode.
It's in the audio.
If you watch on youtube,
you should go to the audio version of the previous episode.
Right before Nikki Glaser comes on,
I dropped in dental update with my parents and he told the story about in
Vietnam when the guy tried to sell him weed,
any put an m 16 in his mouth and had his platoon piss on the wheat.
Okay.
Right.
See,
I think that marijuana,
Mao marijuana,
marijuana,
cigarette,
I think that marijuana for him is a loaded social issue.
He drawings and he does marijuana.
That is from the deep vaults.
That was a deep cut right there.
That's from Stevie for those of you don't know.
So,
uh,
but I'm saying,
I think for him it's not even so much about getting high because he doesn't mind
when your mother drinks.
He doesn't mind when your mother takes pharmaceuticals.
It's a social issue.
It's a political issue for him.
Yeah.
And Marijuana.
Cigarette.
Yeah.
It's just,
it's,
it's Vietnam.
It's,
it's,
it's where you stand on America for him.
I'm saying logically,
when you have the conversation with someone and you're like,
this could help.
It's not that,
but it's this.
And they're like,
well,
can't be that.
Right.
It's gotta be this,
that helps.
It is annoying.
But he's also of that generation that,
you know,
reefer madness and that marijuana leads to heroin.
He's just a different era.
Why is there a buzz in this audio?
I don't know.
And it also sounds a little like on old mics,
but it's not,
it's,
uh,
it's not the evening.
Micah.
No,
it's not the eve.
Micah.
Ah,
I'm the Evie.
Micah.
No,
it's good.
It seems like a,
why don't we give out some sorts today and yes.
I don't want it.
The smell of it.
There's no smell.
All right.
And we're talking about rolling it up if she wants to do that,
sir.
Business.
Okay.
And
you know what?
I have to,
how would you,
like if I tell you something that you want to do it.
I just,
part of my core character is what?
That I never wanted.
I just ever have endorsed.
That's,
I still think it's a gateway drug.
The buzzing.
It's making me crazy.
You want to clean it up and then try to clean it up and then try to air it
later.
I can't do it with the bus.
It's too,
it's too much.
Okay.
Sounds terrible.
Well,
why don't we press pause.
Yeah,
let's press pause for a second.
Let me see if there's something I can do here just real quick.
All right.
We um,
try to troubleshoot it a little bit and let's see if there's any better.
You wouldn't know.
You're not that kind of person.
You got your,
no,
you're not an,
you're not an addictive kind of person.
Uh,
except to I'm addicted to you that day.
The AC,
that was gross.
I'm addicted to you.
Daddy
called him daddy.
So gross.
Gross.
Do you hear what he said though?
He said it's part of my core character.
Yes.
I know you said it's a gateway drug,
so he still believes that.
Right?
So that's that generation of like marijuana leads to heroin.
Yeah.
And it's a character flaw for him.
Cause that's a,
it's a Vietnam thing.
Either you went to Vietnam or you smoke dope.
Right.
That's literally like the hippies and the,
he sees it as being UNAMERICAN.
It's tantamount to being a fucking dirty hippie.
Who,
who was a draft dodger and wish he knew how much has children have smoked weed.
Oh he knows,
but no,
but he kind of puts it out of his head.
He knows Maria,
you know,
she's,
she tells him all the time I've taught.
It's like,
how can I not done?
Yeah.
Well he knows.
Yeah,
he knows.
Does he know that you smoked pot,
you think?
Oh yeah.
But I think he did.
He just,
it's not like an ongoing conversation,
you know,
I don't bring it up.
It's kind of like I'm,
and I'm by like,
I don't need to share it with them all the time.
It's thanksgiving.
But I haven't announced yet.
I gotta tell you,
I wrote a really good joke,
I think when I was high.
The other like I don't call him and tell him that,
you know?
Yeah,
it's nobody's business.
I don't know why people needed tell everything to their parents.
I need,
you just don't,
you know what I find interesting,
and maybe it's just a flaw in my own family upbringing is like when I'm adult
children call their moms like on that show below deck when like the 26 year old
girls crying her mother about her Baba Bass proud.
Yeah.
I'm always like,
wait,
why are you telling your mom and your problems your fucking 30 they know.
It's weird.
I've never had a fraud like by Bob.
So dysfunctional.
Your mom's not your friend.
She's your mom.
You're right.
So it's about boss that she shouldn't be your best friend.
That's wrong.
Right.
I really think you should try it.
I actually have a bunch in the house.
I got no go against your firewall.
Okay,
let's see.
Good for a happy marriage.
Don't do Thompson.
They will upset you.
What if I put it in your coffee without you knowing that that's a decent idea.
Not
Taiwan Lloyd.
I don't know what you call it that,
but why you tell him you should do it?
Well,
telling him you're already telling him to do Samsung that he's against.
Okay.
That's another way to do it.
Well,
I really feel like it's a,
it's an opportunity for you to maybe even my anxiety is so bad.
Limited you how bad it is.
I can't book a cruise.
Yeah.
And I have to ask at lady to try to get a table for two and I said if he,
uh,
if I don't get a table for two at dinner as I'm just going to have to go in the
food court because I suffered from anxiety so I cannot be around people.
I don't know.
I,
yes,
it's just me.
I know.
And she says,
I miss that.
I miss might be the solution to it,
but you're not going to,
I can't find out because of some antiquated builtin view on something.
You know what,
Tommy put it in his coffee.
No,
God forbid.
He doesn't know it.
That would be awful now,
but I won't put it in Dad's,
but it's so mild.
I'm not talking about,
I'm talking about like five milligrams.
No Smoking.
My eating wasn't there.
My Dad for you.
I did tweet us speaking.
He's say
I do
what it is guessing.
Yeah.
And it candy.
You count.
How many of you here today?
I mean it just depends on the day.
Anyone everyday.
Not Everyday to like when we're here we give you inside it Saas,
marijuana.
You can't handle the foreign oil over.
There you go.
Okay.
Yeah,
exactly.
Don't worry.
We step much.
Okay,
so the fans,
I got to tell you last night that was one of the craziest farm.
So I've ever heard and I don't know about us.
Me like that.
No,
no,
no.
I think we're talking Dennis' book of world record.
Oh my God.
It was a 15 second far.
It was longer than that.
There's longer.
I mean I was in the kitchen with her.
Yeah.
So there's a website,
I think I've told you about this that's dedicated to encouraging you to farm in
a recording for people to hear and they can of hit me and million dollar.
Here it is.
No,
that weren't mistress.com.
Please encourage Tom's,
the girl's mom to become the fart mistress.
And then day,
I don't,
I don't get out of it.
Now this is the kind of stuff I like this.
Okay,
now I cannot do marijuana.
But you're going to borrow your word.
Now we get into my day earlier.
Some of them do.
Your town's a girl's mom,
please become the fart mistress.
Um,
this message is for the saint that raised the water champion himself,
Mr Tom here.
So they're calling you a saint.
You'd only be doing yourself a disservice by not becoming what so many have
called for.
Okay?
You Start Your own little unique legacy in the world of Fart base.
Guilty pleasures.
Please take on the title and fulfill your destiny.
Now the chance to Jacob,
I'm dying to hear you fart.
Okay.
Gosh.
My life's goal is to have a constant loop of Tom's mother farting,
playing on my 70 inch television all day.
Oh my God.
I planned to mention about does the I want
to meet
please,
please.
100% are from Dan.
100% this is your true calling in life.
I promise.
I see his mic calling in life.
Truecar
depart.
Oh my God.
Um,
oh my God,
I can't believe this is for real.
Here we go.
I am gay,
transgender male hand that just wants a good old fashioned Latina woman fart and
where I can shower her with money because she just won't piss on me or beat on
me.
Go ahead and try it out.
That's from Zack.
Zack doesn't play that game.
Just got it together.
But I talking about this.
Yeah,
that Vietnam War on metering.
Your farts are incredible.
They are incredible.
I know that I didn't care,
but there's no something that you should be a bit of people fit in.
Madison told me people,
why did you hear last night?
Tell me what I heard last night is basically your life is indescribable and
it's,
it's to the point where I think people go like,
oh yeah,
you know,
it's a big fart.
I have big for it too.
And I'm like,
you don't understand.
No,
I mean it literally,
it sounded like like Daytona 500 like engines,
we're starting different end gentlemen,
start your engines and then it wrapped
and then I was at least three times last night.
I thought it was done because you hear it go and it's like almost all back up at
it.
You know?
It's incredible.
I've done over a million,
done over a million parts in my life.
I kind of added it up,
you know?
And I've never had a single one would that kind of,
I've never had a fart like that either.
I've never had a one.
I don't think anybody does.
If it's a hurricane to be a category six.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's great.
When Christina switches,
I should,
getting American got talent.
Yeah.
And that would be my talent.
So they self esteem is in the field.
Why is your,
because they only seem to have good as far as any side.
I like to kind of hang my hat on.
Oh,
this is a screwed up.
But here,
see if you can hear her.
I don't know what that buzzing is all about.
It's definitely coming from the recording.
It's sort of,
you think it's the recording?
Cause we're not hearing it.
No.
How many did you have?
How many mikes open?
303.
That's so weird.
I Dunno.
Let's see if it dies.
Nope.
Oh my frigging audio is all screwed up.
See I'm talking about it here.
Oh,
what's that?
I don't know.
Is that correct?
Yeah,
that's for real.
Look at her nice looking girl.
She can burp like that.
It was pretty cool.
They can do that too.
You can do the burps too.
You know he never burned before and that's what I went to a doctor and I said,
I am in my,
my belly in it,
but is he here at,
and I said,
baby,
it's the truth.
And the doctor asked me,
what is the price I'm burning too much and I never bought before because there's
a medical talk for as long as you want.
I really want to hear the story,
but you having to reach up and pull.
I know.
Now here's the truth guys.
The mommies is that we really have been sitting on this story,
so no,
I can't play it.
Oh,
he's not a loud sound.
I know.
I told him,
I asked him to tell a story and they wouldn't tell the story anyway.
Can we just say that?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well anyways,
yeah.
He was like,
I can't,
I can't tell it like she was so against him telling the story.
So
No.
How much people want to hear a story like that?
As low as you can.
Why would I put them as low?
As low as he gets?
No,
it does.
It does.
It I go on is mach five parts of marijuana.
I don't care what I end.
You don't get seen or they leave it.
Oh,
I deleted both.
Amateur wouldn't do that.
Why wait to discuss it?
Because it's the fact that she's even here as a victory.
Okay.
It's,
yes,
it's made me sick.
It makes you sick.
Ah.
Oh God.
I'm going to get that story.
I do have to hear the stories.
Okay.
I haven't heard the story.
I'll tell you what,
not on the air.
Well then can I leave?
I mean,
I live and they just disgusting and stuff.
I don't want to go get my marijuana.
I fly in the air partner and talk about your discussing.
A lot of people have been asking me Christina,
to eat my scrum and I'm wondering,
did that ever come up in your relationship?
He Jewish gram,
like if dad was fully showered,
would you kiss his Boto Ah,
ah.
For me.
How far are you willing discuss?
Oh my God.
Well,
what's your dad doing it?
This thing?
I've heard that they would do that.
No,
never.
Emmett Emmett,
Emmett.
But what if it was freshly washed and even he was 18 years old.
It's not just because it's too gross of an area.
Caca comes from there.
I know,
but it's clean.
Yeah.
I don't care.
Anyway,
what would I be kissing that?
Because he wants you to areas in your life that were created for kissing,
for farthing and pooping.
You want to kiss a day?
That's your choice.
I wasn't creating would've dad was like,
Hey,
for my retirement party,
will you do that for me?
Not a chance.
What about,
he's like,
um,
you know,
it's our anniversary.
Uh,
good for you.
Maybe he can reach his own bod and kiss it.
Christmas.
Not Creasman.
No retirement.
No anniversary.
No.
I am dying.
Please before I die.
Give me the no,
no answers.
No,
no,
no.
He did he ever ask you for it?
I don't see he will there because I can not there too as marijuana,
which is nothing disgusting.
Yeah.
Can you wait?
He asking me to kiss that area?
Well,
you get more into the mic,
so,
and he doesn't exactly clean very well.
Oh No.
I got this data here.
I do.
I got to hear the Tommy us at home.
I use it all the time.
Yeah.
I really,
I think I have like the cleanness butthole on the neighborhood.
Wow.
Well,
maybe that's my own view.
Okay.
Christina?
She said no,
she won't do it.
Why you're clean.
That's what I said.
You guys have the most discussing life.
Kiss my butt.
I mean,
what is the point of that?
And I figured it probably,
you know,
probably it's fun or something.
You know,
if you,
if you have a big poop,
we do want to take a picture and yes,
put it on TV.
Maybe you'll go get an award.
I've taken pictures of my poop before.
I've made videos of myself
and people watch it.
Yeah,
of course.
I've played it on the show for diarrhea,
diarrhea,
I swear I swear because it sounds really crazy.
What kind of people would like to hear that be sure.
I don't watch it though.
It wouldn't be fun for,
I think I have a clip of it.
I don't want to watch your thank you.
Thank you Sarah for that.
He loved such a fire such as on the Philippines.
You know,
we,
I told me I got it.
You told me I have to skin it.
Dammit.
I know.
He told me I can play it.
MMM.
Later.
Okay.
So I just have to,
I have to respect that they asked me,
so we'll see what I'm,
let me see where I can,
I haven't probably won't play it pretty much.
Oh Man.
He sits in a chair.
You guys,
but I can't play it.
I know exactly.
Or a hammock.
Huh?
Is that really what you're talking about?
It's sort of like that.
Yeah.
Shit,
I have to,
I'm sorry.
I know people are going to be like,
come on,
you're a deck.
It's like,
look,
I had them in here.
We talked and then they called me later and said,
don't play this portion of our conversation.
How can I,
I mean I can't be like,
well fuck you.
You,
you talk.
I'm telling.
I'm telling it now.
Shelby County,
Kentucky.
That was another one.
Ah,
man.
Well,
on this until the jewels.
I was actually at that age.
MMM.
They made me laugh so hard though.
I did.
He did tell me.
I can play these at a later date.
These two little parts of it.
Let's make sure blue band edit some out or are you at at the mountain?
No,
I just scrolled past the promise to her audience yet later I'm saying,
Oh yeah,
yeah,
no,
we have to do it and I'll tell blue band actually have a date that I can play it
on.
So yeah,
we'll just make a note of love to get you excited.
No,
nobody got excited with Dan.
It's gross
now.
You've never seen anything like that in person accessed hundreds of guys.
I'm trying to get her all Honda.
So guy,
but she's been hit on.
I have.
Oh wait a minute.
She didn't tell you this.
Told me she is down if the hard rock in and form moderate it with Jane Fart.
Lauterdale just in its theme plane.
Oh yeah.
The guy came up and hit me on her getting the what happened 30 years.
Her Junior.
I know,
I know that one till the day.
Not too long ago.
He gave her,
he gave her his number two months ago.
I was there.
I don't clock in the morning and quiet playing.
I'd always tried to find that long machine it Keith come.
He's tied by asking me,
can I borrow your lighter,
lighter,
lighter cigarette?
And he says,
did you mind if I sit next to your machine?
No machines have free.
So tell me Keith can be my son.
And he says,
I'm a Newbie here for a long time.
No,
when did you move tomorrow
as well,
go home.
I said,
no,
I'm with my husband.
Of course,
if I was sleeping and I said,
where's your husband?
And says in one of the machines are on there.
I do happily married.
Same Alley.
And he says,
well
what is it?
I don't,
but I told her,
don't tell your husband he's a lucky man.
The he got a woman let you.
Oh my God.
I said my dad breathing again.
You hear it.
What if?
What if that guy was like,
I can make you calm like 15 times.
He may have been,
he might have been like right close to saying that.
We just will never know,
I guess.
Yeah,
I don't know.
I don't think she would respond well to that though.
Now I do.
It would that it can be not only your mind,
but maybe your grandmother.
And what he told me,
he says each doesn't count when it's a woman.
So that was the nicest compliment.
She doesn't realize that guy wanted to just take her to pound town.
I don't get a romantic thing that he was like,
you're a quite a woman and gross.
He had his,
uh,
his guilt fantasies going and the guy is a pervert.
Your mom's so sweet.
She doesn't realize that guys are perverts.
Yeah,
totally.
And dirt bags.
Scum fucks.
That's right.
That's fetishes.
Like the Guy Shit teddies and my pain.
You know some old ladies at a machine.
Yeah.
She's not thinking about,
no,
no.
She's telling you she's happily married and then you're going to,
you know,
say some stuff like that.
Yeah,
come on now.
I wish you had a story like that.
Then he was like,
you were seeing it.
Big Devil known rap.
And I said,
what do you mind?
I have to go to you think about getting a separate room with him?
No,
I said,
do you might have to go with my husband.
Keep us looking for me to cough.
Scared to that.
You did it,
but he was a nice compliment.
Yup.
Oops,
so you can get them all up.
You've got some good ones and we've got some nice ones.
Yeah,
but it's nice when you have one role and somebody done got really old.
No one was 90 but 90 according to your fire.
The way she talks to me.
You gave me a g and a half less.
No,
I said,
please at least live another year and a half.
No,
no,
not the one and a half.
I don't care,
but you have to make it agenda.
Well,
I just have these,
these bits in my new hours hiking in six months.
Don't die in six months.
I don't screw everything up and then he realized that there are two
possibilities.
Anyway,
Jane would move and take care of him,
organize his life or he will move here because you want to leave him alone.
She's phase when it is.
That's right.
It was almost like,
what am I doing alone to,
oh,
he'll be so hilarious.
I'd want to see you dad.
But to see dad being like,
I got a date Sunday.
Yeah.
I,
she can wait for that in excel.
Oh,
she's mine is,
yes.
These are very a at in the Bates.
Wow.
But I don't see,
he would go in those pages.
No websites,
no date.
That damn I started at,
no,
no.
What would he do?
She probably got to it.
I Dunno.
He walk around and he sees a woman.
He would try to type,
I think you got to try.
But he's a good flirt there.
Yeah.
And I have no idea how to flirt.
Do you think he's a good floater?
No.
He's a horrible,
but he sees you as well,
right?
That's true.
You remember,
uh,
the bank teller?
A bank teller and also,
yeah.
Do you prefer sweet nurse?
Your Dad?
He did a seminar flirting on this show.
I wish I knew the episode number cause I'd like to bring it back.
Yeah,
right.
Got Him.
I was like,
so how did he,
he goes into the whole bag.
He brings up the bank teller here in a moment.
But he,
I said like what?
Some of these guys,
I got a lot of guys listened to our show and he was like,
you know when you're getting coffee,
just yes.
And do you prefer,
do you prefer a sweetener,
Wanda?
Yeah.
It was like what?
He's like,
yeah,
you
got to get the conversation going.
So
that's your dad's big icebreaker.
SPLENDA.
I can't imagine your dad talking to women.
It's like the grossest,
most foreign.
I've seen him do like Dad Boehner flirts before,
which is like,
you know,
it's harmless stuff.
Waitresses there again.
Hello?
No,
it does like a little bit cutesy comment where you're like,
okay,
you seem like everyone's dad.
Every dad does it.
It's a dads.
Do they just flirt with waitresses and stuff for sure.
But he's so,
he's just such a dad.
I can't see him.
Especially if it's a waitress.
They know.
Oh,
I know Carol.
I know she likes me second.
The lemon water.
Yeah.
I know.
You like your room and he's like,
you know a lot,
right?
He,
she has extra tip.
Yeah.
So gross.
I got to be,
I didn't,
I can't tell him what to tell the whole thing,
but in this movie that I was shooting,
the reason that this episode is delayed,
I got to be a real creep.
Yeah,
exactly.
You're casting.
What is up with that?
No,
it's not.
No.
I told you this a long time ago that you're going to start getting roles when
they're piece of shit guy roles and look at your big first movie with Mark
Wahlberg,
your big movie that's coming.
You saw the screening.
We didn't see the amazing,
it's so amazing.
I can't wait for it to come out.
Yeah,
it's a great movie.
It's so good Tom.
Um,
but that you're going to start getting stuff when you play a piece of shit and
Lo and behold,
your first huge role is a piece of shit.
Brother-In-Law character.
And then yesterday,
a piece of shit,
a real piece of shit scum bag who gets killed.
And I'm kind of a pos and Steve Burns movie too,
right?
There you go.
That's your casting.
Yeah.
It's interesting cause you're not a piece of shit.
No in real life.
But you like to play one on TV?
Yeah.
It's like your murder thing too.
It was just your alter ego.
I guess this one is a real piece of,
it's also because you're an,
you don't really have a good personality.
It's kind of like backed.
It's full circle the personality champ thing,
which I am.
And you're not because you're not,
you're not,
you don't put it out there like likable vibes.
No,
I'm serious.
Like look at that.
But you know,
your whole standup persona.
I was like,
I gotta be honest in,
in public.
I think you have a very standoffish person.
Yes.
Me,
you are always like,
I don't want to be bothered.
I don't want to be told this and not looking for talk about what the guy's
asking me that like you're very stand offish.
Yeah,
yeah.
Seriously.
But then behind closed doors,
I'm warmer than you are behind closed doors.
You're warmer.
But to the general public,
I don't find you the picture.
I'm polite to uh,
you know,
restaurant people to Valet people and bringing you're that you're not friendly.
No,
I'm not looking to make friends out in the world,
but that's because I grew up in a big city where there's psychos on every
fucking corner and if you,
if you're nice to everybody,
then the next thing you know,
some nutbag is in your world.
It comes off that you have neuropathy problems.
How long have you,
how many strokes does it take your dad?
He would answer if you asked them.
That's the weird thing.
Uh,
your dad really would date quickly,
I think if,
if she dies first,
let's hear what he has to say.
Yeah.
If you're going to do it.
My coach here?
Yeah.
Gotcha.
You're a good floater.
I am.
My flirting consist and don't do anything.
Yeah.
She plays the game I have in my life.
There is no way who can ever say that I fled or tried to get him and then what I
liked him the most.
He's going to see my face.
How's that working out?
Oh boy did I get mad.
My,
my expertise was bank tellers.
Okay.
So I would fight with bank tellers and then I would take a deposit slip and ask
them if they want to go out to lunch.
Really.
They just love that you have a good,
he has a lunch and,
and uh,
you just write that on there.
Well,
I,
I would tie my deposit to get the right bank teller.
Okay.
This is when they used to have lots of bank tellers know a lot of,
it's like two months ago.
And so I would say,
I would say it's still does it,
you know,
talk to him,
this and that.
And then I said I can even wear that red dress anymore.
So when they,
when you come in on your next deposit day,
if they had the dress on that you asked about [inaudible] it's a good sight.
Bingo.
That means you're still using this tactic today.
Two banks.
It does.
He does.
She has like six different banks.
And then I would like,
maybe I'm going to a bank and then to either he does,
he just goes and flirts.
Yeah.
It's sort of works and keeps going.
And then what did they say?
Y'All have lunch,
he think he goes to lunch with him.
Of course.
I looked in the lunch with him and of course she goes down to them.
But I did when I was single,
excuse me.
He when he was married and married and remarried and we kids what dates with
bank tellers but I yes,
he went to lunches and drive to go further.
It didn't work out.
Yes.
All that,
all that,
all that he has ended this.
Oh shit almost.
Yeah.
So he's telling you that he's timing his bank goings with the bank tellers but
you know what,
you stand in line and there's like let's say five bank tellers.
You can't really time that.
Like it's random shuffle.
I think he's also talking about though like 30 years ago were maybe you would,
I don't know,
it just seems like maybe,
maybe you line up for a specific tellering yeah.
Cause now a funnel you into one line.
Yeah.
You can't control it unless you're like do go a front of me.
I want to get that chick.
He was doing that.
That's weird.
I love when she plays this.
Um,
this is like,
one of her persona is,
is like,
it's like a foe jealous wife.
Yeah.
Where she's like,
he does it today.
He takes you all the time then.
Yeah.
Well,
she sells it believable.
Remember you bought me a perfume ones that you smelled on,
some slight you worked with.
There it is.
You know that I worked with her again.
No after that.
No.
Yeah,
but I told her the whole story.
Yeah.
She laughed.
She love it.
She can't,
I go,
uh,
I bought this.
And I go,
I said,
oh.
you know,
last time I saw you,
I asked you about that for a few and I bought it from my wife.
She loves it.
And she's like,
oh,
great.
And then I remembered it.
I go,
oh,
she asked me how I found it and I told her it was somebody I worked with and she
said,
uh,
oh,
some fucking whore.
You fucking slut whore that you have a crush on.
Yeah.
I have to tell you,
it is my favorite smell in the whole world.
And I'm so upset that you smelled it on some woman that you wanted to bang and
then you got it for me.
Soap setting.
She was pretty cute.
So let's see what else he says here.
Um,
wait,
what about the baby?
No,
We're cutting on chicken.
Christina.
Not sure baby's coming too late.
Maybe it's coming into the 800% babies come in tomorrow.
It's Today on a bet.
Yes.
Maybe he's coming today.
The baby times of day.
You can have your marijuana fingers really with the baby.
Come to witnesses after the baby comes today.
Okay.
Happiness.
No,
go ahead.
Yeah,
don't be like,
oh I'll,
I'll succeed.
I lost the bed.
Okay,
okay.
Okay.
And then you won't give her a hard time about it and be like,
oh I don't do that.
I don't do that.
I know.
I'm just making sure I want to make it real clear.
This is witnesses here.
You're not going to guilt trip it cause no one wants to enjoy something found by
a great no,
no.
Guilt trip.
I'm a mom would never do that.
Ever.
Never.
Yeah.
It's not new.
They don't know how to do that.
Yeah.
Can I pause for a second?
You know,
apropos our discussion earlier about fighting.
I think too,
a big part of keeping the peace in a marriage or a longterm relationship is once
you fight over something,
it's gone.
It's out.
And don't bring it up again and again,
like with my or that time.
You fucking,
yeah.
Like let it go and do not bring it up.
It was a good boy ever again.
It's,
it's done.
A lot of people don't do that.
A lot of people,
I mean,
yeah,
right.
Throw it,
throw it in the spouse's face.
Well,
I fucking time you came home at three in the morning and union.
Yeah.
You're over it just for,
if not,
it's like if you're with somebody that has to bring up the thing over and over,
you can't be with that person.
No,
that's a bummer.
Yeah.
I want to be reminded of their shortcomings all the time.
No,
it's no good.
It's not my fault.
Yeah.
So yeah.
Oh my God.
You got Hours,
11 hours and stuff.
He's of minutes
bad.
I wanted her to win the bet.
No,
I knew it wasn't going to count.
What was the date?
Do you remember when you recorded?
No,
I'm just,
I just knew that it was mid afternoon.
I was like,
it's not Kuwait.
July 19th I started being induced,
so then July 20th he was born.
Right,
so this must've been days.
Couple days before.
Yeah.
I know.
I should have spoken up and been like,
no,
mom,
what's your bet?
It's what's your bet?
Yeah.
She was also like,
I know.
I know he's today.
Well,
I kept having contractions and then they'd stop.
Julian did not want to get out.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's talk about these before we go.
Retirement's around the corner.
Oh God.
What are you guys going to do when you were home all day?
Every day.
This is going to be scary.
He's Bitchez.
Oh my Chi with the chess games.
Because time to make more messes and yeah,
totally close around the flow.
Hey,
call on baby.
Open the IPAD.
No.
Actually what I discovered this is that,
you know,
when I go to work every day,
I would change my underwear,
change things.
Now,
if I'm not going to go to work,
I could wear like the same thing for four or five days in a row.
The same pants,
same shirt.
Yeah,
same.
I didn't know it seems I'm there under,
I just turn around,
just turn it,
turn it.
He went into cruise with one pair of sound.
Are you doing I accident turned me underwear around so you know,
I do as you can as a truth.
And you do the socks,
you do the inside out.
No,
no,
no.
It's,
I call it living deficiently.
No,
that's pretty gnarly discussing it.
But what are you gonna do with him and run the household day?
I realize right now that when I was shooting that scene,
rouse a creeper,
I basically did a,
an impression of my dad as the guy.
You know what I mean?
I came up behind the girl and I was like,
Whoa,
the bank teller joyful,
she may get it.
Where that Red Dressy
you prefer sweetened hers.
Oh God.
It's so great.
And,
and the,
the vag that like your mother says as the female
and the relationship,
you can kind of govern that kind of shit with your spouse.
Do you know what I mean?
Like if you were in the habit of turning your boxer shorts the other way around.
Yeah.
And I'd be like,
booboo,
please don't do that.
I think she knows it's that battle that she cannot win.
You know,
all she has to do is provide the clean panties.
Like just make sure he's got a fresh supply.
Like I would make sure that your drawer was stocked,
that,
that that doesn't happen and it's so fucking,
yeah,
you went to find it.
Hobby for him and it doesn't come out.
I don't know where we're going to do what his dream is to drive around the
country.
I see places,
you said another one.
Oh my God.
My Dad pitch to my mom that in retirement hurts 74 year old ass could sit in the
car with him and drive across America.
And by the way,
it doesn't like driving more now that he's in his seventies,
like,
you
know,
four or five hours.
So they would spend a few days getting out of the state and then every,
every few days they would still be in the same state.
Just sleeping at hotels or red roof inn.
Yeah.
Eating and diners and essentially being like a road comic,
like a feature acts.
I can't,
it's horrible life.
I've done it before.
Yeah.
I mean imagine being 74.
It's not for them.
And I referred him and that's how much he doesn't know it.
Like he does not for him.
Gagging on the road.
Remember when I used them?
Yeah.
It shows and you're like,
I'm gigging.
I'm gigging and gigging,
Bro.
It's the same.
Triple can again,
fighting crime.
I used to Gig like that.
It was terrible.
Terrible.
I drove up and down Florida,
uh,
the,
the Pacific northwest fucking,
you know,
hey,
let's be honest,
the America,
there's a few nice things to see and also a lot of boring shit.
There's not a lot.
Yeah.
I mean,
I understand.
If you haven't seen the Pacific northwest.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
A couple of the,
you know,
national monuments.
That mean it's cool to see.
Dce is cool to see.
I like some parts of the south are beautiful.
Some parts of the northeast are beautiful to coast.
I mean,
but not,
there's a lot of in between that you're like,
the fuck are we seeing here?
That's what I'm saying a lot of just like,
okay,
there's a fucking east to west drive a few times.
Yeah.
The California most of his dog shit.
Dog Shit.
Yeah.
Well,
I mean you're driving through states where there's just,
there's nothing to see.
It's just,
it's highway.
Highway.
Yeah.
And malls.
God Damn West Texas.
I know I have 500 miles stretches and just,
you know,
a couple of gas stations.
Don't forget,
not even lights,
not freeways.
You just pitch,
pitch black.
Don't forget the firework stores and the antique stores.
That's it.
And then like porno shops.
Yeah.
Well I guess there some cool stuff,
but a lot of bullshit.
No,
sounds terrible.
Well,
I'm thinking I let him go and piss off and go on his own.
Yeah.
So you stop at a bunch of banks and try to meet stopping every bank.
A lot of banks.
The trouble is with bank tellers is it's a process.
She,
you don't really get a date on the first deposit repeat.
Oh yeah.
And I mean he change banks if that one doesn't work.
Yeah.
I took my account from there.
He says I took a day 10 defending it comes 10 banks and he had to go to a bank
to put some money.
I had to go to a bank to the president.
The person for them,
it is floating assistant program.
But once you retire he's going to have plenty of times.
That is true.
You will have a son by then he woke up money.
So I don't know where they post them.
So the other thing is I'm not going to do is any form of manual labor around the
house.
Like people that do gardening and bakery.
I know that Amazon it anyway.
Well that's,
I'm not going to get into it.
Okay.
[inaudible] team.
I mean I'll do,
is anything you uh,
well I like shooting guns.
You know,
I think that I like,
uh,
Bob Clay,
patient shooting,
target shooting.
Um,
I don't have the patience for fishing because I throw the thing over and then
you have to wait for the fish question today.
Everybody throws it back,
you know?
Yeah.
As a kid we used to actually eat them,
but I,
I do it.
I,
I'm not in,
so I'm not into fishing.
Um,
not,
uh,
not really.
My favorite thing is to take things back like it bed,
bath from the I and the places that they can find out where she likes,
she buys stuff and then she takes it back.
But,
uh,
any other interests besides guns?
I've heard you say guns like five times.
Yeah,
I liked cars.
I've always liked cars,
you know,
but the trouble is with cars is,
is as much as I liked cars,
there's so many limitations on where can I go?
140.
You know,
there's tracks so you can find a track.
Do I have to ask you a question?
Because I want witnesses in this question,
then it makes sense.
She has.
She's got to pick up maybe 10 minutes.
He remind me of Christina's guy that is going to go the value labels.
Alright.
This is boring now.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm basically,
your dad wants to go back to Vietnam.
He's like,
that's the only fun I had was shooting guns.
Shooting guns,
baby killing people.
Hiding in the jungle.
Wearing dirty underwear.
Yeah.
Wearing no socks with my boots so I don't get trench foot.
Pretty Nice,
Huh?
Yeah.
What uh,
what,
uh,
oh man.
What are we going to do?
One more of that age.
I don't know.
Yeah,
I kind of like it.
This sounds totally,
I dunno,
depressing or whatever,
but I feel like I don't have many interests anymore.
Like I like five.
I like a few things.
I like my family.
I like comedy.
I like stupid TV shows.
Yeah.
Like it gets narrower the older you get.
Maybe you just does.
It also gets,
it's also narrower because you don't realize how much of a quote hobby having
children.
Seriously.
It's true.
It's such a time consumer.
Yeah.
That you're not thinking of because it's an automated kind of responsibilities.
Are sure that you're like,
oh,
what do I do with my free time thing?
You don't have enough free time.
Yeah.
So you have your work,
you know,
this is also your work,
but it's fun.
But it's your job getting on a stage.
That's your job.
Yeah.
Your family,
you have 26 minutes late.
That's true.
It's like you're just responsible all the time.
But think,
I think the older they get,
you probably get into more things you'd like when they're toddlers and stuff and
the infants.
Yeah.
It takes up every spare moment.
You know,
we have like that two hour window at night maybe that we can watch some
television together and that's about it.
Yeah,
that's true.
Well,
I'm the same way I was thinking of,
I mean,
I've said it like I,
I like going to these workouts.
I do like cars.
I've always liked cars.
Other than that,
I mean,
what would I have time for?
I know.
And here's the weird thing is when you and I didn't have children,
we didn't do a whole lot.
Yeah.
We watched a lot more television actually around a lot more.
We didn't have hobbies then either we just watched more shit.
No,
it's like,
you know,
getting on stage.
I'm a movie star,
I do my podcasts,
I do all these things.
All the ones he mentioning that movie star part.
Well speaking as a movie star,
I'll tell you that it is a demanding lifestyle.
It is,
it is.
Learn your lines.
Stand here.
Say it again.
Sign this autograph,
do the press this blow job.
It just happens.
Go with it.
The territory we were talking about it cause you did kind of like your own
stunts for this film.
How rigorous that really is.
So in this movie I can tell you I don't want to,
like I said,
I don't want to give away any major plot points.
No,
I really don't like,
I mean I that's out of respect for the filmmaker and like,
but I can say that there's a fight sequence.
Holy Shit.
My appreciation for like when you,
if you've shot a scene like the one I did and then you watch,
you know,
one of the Bourne movies or John Wick or this new apparently or any of them.
But the new mission impossible I heard is great.
And you see what Tom Cruise does.
You really appreciate the physicality of it.
I mean I was fucking wrecked after filming a pretend fight scene.
Right?
Cause you're doing it multiple times.
It's hot outside.
You're up early or they're having a real struggle and a real,
you know,
fall.
It's dude,
it this exhaust.
It does not give you such an appreciation for like the Tom Cruise.
No,
but I'm saying like let's break it down.
Like how old does that fucker now
that dude has to be,
and by the way they played a trailer,
um,
like,
cause they're promoting the new one of what he did in this movie.
You would shit your pants.
Let me,
it's like mission impossible 10 by now.
Like the fast and furious there.
Just keep,
they keep making,
it's always the same shit.
It's the same shit different day.
I still love him though.
I'll watch the shit.
It's just supposed to be the best.
People are saying that this is the the best one.
I love them all.
I love those mission impossible movies.
I can well,
even hand,
I'm your best friend.
Mark Wahlberg.
I mean that guy role.
He just,
he did an action film before he did your movie.
So Mark Walberg has to stay in amazing shape and that guy is,
I see them on Instagram.
He's up at three 30 in the morning working out.
He looks at grace.
Look at this from this new,
the new mission.
Impossible.
Look at what Tom Cruise did.
Hold on.
Why is it not playing them Stan's
ever.
It's not just one.
Look what he does.
I didn't think he could have beat in the last student,
but he did
shit.
Long line
drop and Tom loved so crazy.
So you could do that on a green screen.
But of course mission impossible fashion.
We flew in,
drop Tom Cruise,
helicopter real helio chapter.
My hands were numb.
I have to try to climb as fast as I can up that rope and then some free fall to
the bag.
That's crazy.
Refall to the bag from the rope Tom Dangling from this helicopter.
Tom Bell.
I actually thought he fell there.
Have myself scream.
We heard on the radio.
I think we just lost Tom.
How you doing?
Well,
this is great promotion for the movie.
Look what else you do.
Helicopter a helicopter.
Yeah.
Tom Did all the fight and I had a cocktail for real,
some fluid.
She was this crazy three six to downward spiral.
Most politics wouldn't attempt this spiral.
It looks like this by the crack.
See?
Awesome.
Paris was nerve wracking.
You did this crazy nut told was riding a motorbike helmet is traffic safety rate
for this one challenging shot.
That rig just didn't work.
And we looked to Tom and said,
what are we going to do?
And he said,
my friends,
we gotta,
we gotta go,
we gotta shoot,
speak.
He got on his bike and yeah,
to
Tom Riding a motorcycle and catch traffic around the October.
Yeah.
I don't know if that's smart.
Okay.
All right,
well listen,
there's limitations here.
Talk,
chase.
No,
this thing,
it's crazy.
One building to another while with his boss.
Crazy.
He's the real shot with the Bra right there.
It's one of those things.
I'm supposed to have that level of impact hitting the wall.
I just put my foot.
How tried to soften the impact?
I knew instantly it was broken.
They kept it in the movie and look,
I have to finish this because we're not coming back and pulled himself up to get
the shot.
So wait,
do they don't have a safety net for him on those drugs?
I had a job for real.
I can do this.
I can watch the shit.
He did the solo opening.
Okay.
He
did a solo parachute jump to,
I mean like there's no need to do all of this.
I don't know why he feels compelled.
There's guys that are professionals that can do that.
Yeah,
but they're not Tom cruise man.
I get,
he has to do it all,
but he know why that 56 56 doing this shit.
I see.
I do pull out these twice a week.
I'm 42 I'm wrecked,
wrecked after an hour potties.
This Guy Tom Cruise loot dude,
I guess.
But then there's also like,
Bro,
do you really,
you got to break your foot.
You really going to find out you don't have candy.
All that Shit,
you know?
I'm not impressed.
I mean come on,
I'm,
I am impressed,
but I also think it's really stupid that he's doing that.
He wants to entertain you.
He's the ultimate entertainer.
I don't just mean you're not going to do that.
The stunt coordinator,
he's worked in movies for 40 years with everyone and uh,
he told me some stories I can't tell,
but he also told me,
he said he gets asked sometimes cause some of the actors,
you know,
do
certain stunts and not,
and I said,
is there any actor who could definitely,
if it wasn't an actor,
just be a fulltime stunt guy.
And he was like,
definitely Tom Cruise.
Yeah,
he did great.
He did a couple with him and he's like,
yeah,
he's,
he's a real deal.
It's crazy.
That's Jackie Chan too.
Did he do it?
Yeah,
he does those,
I think it's not his whole thing.
He started in,
I think he's wreck now.
He can't walk or oh,
that's,
yeah,
it says it's not worth it guys.
Don't do your own stunts.
All right.
Anything else Jean?
No,
I'm just glad we're back in the action.
I'm back in this chair.
I missed the show.
I missed you guys.
And I'm so happy to be back and not be enormously pregnant and out of breath all
the time and,
and grumpy all the time.
I was still a little grumpy but
normal level.
Yeah.
You have a very few neuropathy issues and that's it.
Um,
but I'm happy to be back doing the show.
It's so fun to do it like the week of,
you know,
it's like it's a good time.
It is.
Is this will
for fun.
I learned a lot.
I learned,
Uh,
I haven't heard this but this is in,
in our folder it says Alonzo Vasquez or Vasquez.
Uh,
the why a major mental illness.
Posse cut.
Hmm.
This is good song.
Sounds like our song.
Um,
we'll see you next week.
We have guests for the next few weeks and it should be really fun shows and
we'll see you soon.
Bye Jean.
My mom.
Good morning everyone
getting ready to start on Monday and I couldn't be happier.
Really run a be doing is coming to your home
cold when your grandmother's name
makes me happy to do.
Why don't you let Mike do your home and comb their hair out of your grandmother?
Could you let me come to your home?
Black Guy,
he won.
I'm Finna come home.
Kept breaking free.
Free range
dog
to come up with today and tomorrow in my building tomorrow.
Let me try it out.
Fuck man.
I'm looking at the hard rock guys want to do it and I'm wanting to live with my
trash.
Come down.
Let's fuck.